Oh Kristin were finally married I know
what it's like the best night ever
Oakland it was perfect you know all our
friends and family are out there right
now and they've done a ton of questions
I shouldn't about our future where we
gonna live are you gonna take my last
name are we gonna have any kids so what
do we do how do we tell him
well we both love the trouble we fly
like the breeze where you want to go
let's start with volleys hash in the
jungle and half understand there's a
honeymoon and no getting tan and when we
get back to the house I reckon move you
all in way should I can't be in private
there's not one door kind of like my
players it's a freaking grocery store
okay compromise will combine file great
let's eat I'll be in the dining aisle I
want to host dinners make all offense a
meal you cook you clean you got yourself
a deal whatever you want don't like
still toss it and you request let's
start with your club a what about your
job commute every morning better not be
speedy please don't only get a warning
there's cast and Gina they just had a
baby you guys gonna have one I don't
know maybe I could have one now I think
I'd rather wait let's meet in the middle
and leave it up to fate when we have a
kid that'll be so scary why you say that
it's gonna be hairy but your mom and dad
they want another brats here's an idea
per kid another cat we already had two
who yo and roar he's always so cutely to
feed by the door beanie always bite its
head of that level I saved a capsule I
he's a big black devil the talks last
names who you gonna pee Kristin Kepler
or Kristen Runge after much debate I'll
take your last name I'll make the rug is
brown I'm gonna bring it fame
now that we're married we'll have a lot
of sex I do find your hands not a p90x
they say when you get married stuff
begins to change nice to play ball I
don't have to be arranged to say when
you get married you kind of stopped
trying think we'll be like that no those
people are alive tell me your dreams
what you want to do man I learn guitar
Deedle dum Deedle day one what about
your hobby your tricks in your badges
Barca ticket bro seriously tragic right
before your eyes two became one the
future is unwritten better song about a
dunce the world is ours I'm the king
you're the queen tonight we became a
super force team now and forever you
would me that's right hey let's get it
on cuz this is our night